RHIDP-7614: Displaying the preferred username and Company Logo (#1254)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configuring-the-global-header/proc-displaying-preferred-username-in-profile-dropdown.adoc

[id="displaying-preferred-username-in-global-header-profile-dropdown_{context}"]
= Displaying the preferred username in the profile dropdown

> You can display the preferred username in the global header's profile dropdown by configuring `spec.profile.displayName` in the user entity. When not configured, the application falls back to a `metadata.title`. If neither is configured, it defaults to a user-friendly name generated by the `useProfileInfo` hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can display the preferred username in the global header profile drop-down list by configuring `spec.profile.displayName` in the user entity. When not configured, the application falls back to a `metadata.title`. If neither is configured, it defaults to a user-friendly name generated by the `useProfileInfo` hook.
```
